Add an example of creating a child span (#523)
appsignal/appsignal-docs: source/nodejs/tracing/span.html.md

```

If the `RootSpan` is created by the core `http` integration (the most common case), the `RootSpan` is closed automatically by the integration. If any children of this `RootSpan` are left unclosed, then they are dropped from the trace.

### Complete example

> Here is an example of how to create a child span

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example of creating a child span from the current root span, adding information to it, and then closing it.
```

> ```js
> const tracer = appsignal.tracer();
> const rootSpan = tracer.rootSpan();
> const childSpan = rootSpan.child();
> childSpan.setName(`Query.sql.model.action`);
> childSpan.setCategory("get.query");
> childSpan.close();
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```js
const tracer = appsignal.tracer();
const rootSpan = tracer.rootSpan();
const childSpan = rootSpan.child();

childSpan.setName(`Query.sql.model.action`);
childSpan.setCategory("get.query");
childSpan.close();
```
```
